Adding a tuple setup guide (#64)
typelevel/governance: README.md

* The [Typelevel Trademark Policy](TRADEMARKS.md)
* The present [Typelevel Steering Committee](STEERING-COMMITTEE.md)

## Other Resources

* We are pleased to offer Typelevel contributors access to a license for [Tuple, pair programming software](https://tuple.app/). 

> Please read [our guide for how to get setup](/resources/tuple.md).

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
Please read [our guide for how to set it up](/resources/tuple.md).
```
